now the production of maximum speed wish you happy birthday to
our part to set out in herrera we hope that you pass it to see well
clarito we send you many kisses and hugs now more attention of
accessories
for vegas to whom until we are the affiliation packages in which
included pujía is patient filters
worse for the chevy in 565 pesos especially public patoruzú
allowed for corsa in 654 pesos but all this is 15 100 54 pesos and because
we voted a package of films and wave cough in 15 86 pesos all that we can
tracy in two small will happen and if you are going out on vacation first benghazi
here to your kids to buy
there are signs and to the friendly bags of rami in percent and expenses this
bull that the cit antifreeze brake fluid everything to its other
passenger that if this were against quique do not miss area so we continue in
base at speed do not leave
friends in the event there were many parisian cars were they is is still
everyone
black color with motor co how bad it is amazing is from our friend
Manuel Gallardo so we are going to see them
this by the hole I bring a quiet
American 90 model
although neither mind modifications have clear
a good min this plus more than anything to bring this
the chromed engine brings camshaft
hot brings ridner we put a little fiber inside brings tachometer
to see tell us
more about this engine
exclaims
this flight
this one when saying chrome so I dedicated myself to
to send to take what the frame cap of aim to olba afp
noses in a way
rossi percent
in stainless steel
this morning was sprintar loor and have a little cleaning of the engine
hey and tell me about domecq
you do not have all these PC ideas in any magazine you can think of
more than anything I do not know but we are watching the television program in
journals
this comments from friends
friends and they like modified cars let's see at full speed
this bolero people and with sunroof of our friend carlos salcido flores
it was a blow
in the Sistine Chapel
look at my style is totally euro
it's a new style
they have club like back to central
and that is when the one that populates then not very well known but
already in many magazines on the subject
i have special the truth is that the difference from others
in special that those platforms
they are from this one sure was like that
percent consists of a cha to the extreme
not very large lines
for hundreds of paintings at the most
engines
with turbo performance
it's super loaded with either can be seen as
the joke is that I have had a lot of performance
hello friends now let's see invitation they made for us
tennis event to be held
the port of veracruz with style of adopted hoteliers paid to see it
well good photos invited to all employees readers sprint
is aware of what this is the way is the case of intimate city of
representative indicated medications
to the great buccaneers 2009 event that will take place on the 30th and 31st of
May these take place in the harbor and beautiful
guardiola de veracruz yes on May 30 and 31 on Saturday 30 we will have
the judge's workshop in the agency of the volkswagen but I do not trombone acted
against the text will be life at four in the afternoon
and possibly of them, we will set aside gala to what is a concession for a
light rain caravan
within this base of the Vicente fox in mouth of the river we will have percent
use of tic with being able to count on everyone with their fans who can see in this
beautiful event and many more of the area at national level
if we delve into the three associations then occupy them appraisals ambientación
wales of what is the usero movement and also part of the tuning
there is going to be a shower of lights at night to take place after the
nine p.m
and is that we from the girl who loves the adrenaline of the
speed
and in the event of puebla he presented us his car that are white cordoba
2007 model raffle is terrific she's the girl so
we are at full speed to see her
that in córdoba
in 2007 ilana modifications the chests are made a tiraje of which we are here
the bucket seats piles mahabad this figures we have to modify inside
of him pelco spider people
and what it is from some
some cartoons that come kind of prepared
I went to prepare their cars to come that this kind of events
first to the girl rather
in working well that all the people what they expect almost all are well and
who do not have any problems on roads
editors this event
college
a very quiet crazy one will be very quiet